https://codepen.io/lljmb/pen/XWdwpoO    

    1. What is Semantic HTML? html that tells us what it is in the tags (i.e. section, p, h1 - these immediately tell you what something is on a webpage)
    2. What is HTML used for? to display pages online
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? attribute points the tag to a location(i.e. website, photo) so it comes after the tag, ie img src
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page? h1 is used to indicate the most important heading on a website, so there should only be one
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes "a 'href' & img 'src'"
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
    7. What is an id? tells html what to do to one specific thing from css
    8. What elements can I add an id to? any
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? one id per page
    10. What is a class? tells html what to do to many things from css
    11. What elements can I add a class to? any
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? mulitple
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab? 'target=_blank'
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? text when you hover and to describe what the image is 
    15. How do I reference an id? '#'
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div - div is a block level element that is a means to divide pages, a section is semantic html that indicates a particular section
    17. What is CSS used for? adding style to webpages
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page 'h2{}'
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one - a class can change many things on a page - ie update the styling of all paragraphs, whereas an id can be used to stylize one specific headline on a page
    20. How do we select classes in CSS? .{}
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””? 'p class="human"'
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? div - section - helps break down webpages into different groups that are related (footer - section)
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar? 'div class='sidebar''
    24. What is a pseudo selector? a keyword added to an element to do a thing, ie 'footer:hover'
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines? line-spacing
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters? letter-spacing
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize? 'text-transform: capitalize, uppercase, or lowercase'
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black? 'border: 1px dotted black'
    29. How do I select everything on the page? *{
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS? */ comment here */
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? whoami
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder? ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? rm filename - automatically deletes without prompt, no recycle bin
    34. Why should I use version control? 
    35. How often should I commit to github? every time changes are made to a file
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? git push -u origin "first-lastname"

    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. fork -> clone -> create new branch